Remember, when I was young, father always talked something in Tibetan local, that kind of he used
to talk particularly when there is a big celebration of the party and the wedding ceremonies and so
forth.
Then in the local villages, kind of talks about the long story, every item, they talk about big,
large, princey stories.
And about the kaka, and the father used to say, he said, "Even before the cosmic begins, before the
cosmic, because there is a queen of cosmics."
And she thought we had to have something beautiful to begin the cosmos. Therefore, she immediately
emanated beautiful young girls.
These young girls are like, what's it called? Weber? Weber? Weaving? Who does the public? Weber.
And these beautiful young girls came and they are so smart. And then they started immediately
spanning the public.
What's the name of this wedding? It's a yearning. A start of the yearning and then they started
making the public.
I need to wait. I'm sure it's ancient time here, too. They don't have the machines. Each
individually kind of stays behind the yearning things and they didn't make that.
So then she, these ladies are made beautiful, that public scarf. And the first one came, the white
one.
White one. And it's so beautiful. It's shiny, sparkling, and rainbow light. Rainbow light.
And then immediately she offered to the lady of cosmics. And she picked up and threw in the sky and
named as kata.
Kata means individuals. Kata means mode. Dal means prosperity. So mode of faith. Wherever you turn
with the kata, that direction will become so prosperity and peace and good things.
So therefore it's kata. And so she named as kata. This is beautiful.
Beautiful. Wherever you turn your head with the kata, then everything will become so bright and
beautiful.
Ever since this kata became very significant of the archbethals and broader spirit.
So she said even the evolution, before the evolutions, evolutions, just the queen of cosmic thought
to create the cosmic.
And that time, the first item was kata. And kata, and this is so archbethal.
In the sense of that, then kata becomes so important to everyone, every part of the celebrations.
We do religious ceremony or the Buddhist ceremony. Kata is necessary, always comes first to lead
and open the door.
And when there is celebration of the secular, again kata is first. And it opens the door and
everything harmonizes and beautiful.
Therefore, kata is so special all the time. And kata symbolizes friendship, good, goodness and arch
bethals.
And it is pure, clean, white as my heart or your heart. We are bonded with beautiful, stainless
space of beautiful love and trust.
So those are the many meanings of the kata. And since then, that's the father of music.
He may be more fancy, there's a lot of lyrics and all these things he uses. But I forget, so that's
it.
But then it really becomes so popular and it's very custom. Everywhere the kata is true.
Always use the white kata. And then many later on, they're coded with very un-teaching and used in
his five different colors that symbolize different elements and so forth.
But white is always as a substitute here as flowers, flowers and furniture, greeting, happiness and
good wishes and good things.
So that is my brief story of kata.
So this is the question, even before the cosmos, that the father came in. And then cosmic begins
after that, by the cosmic.
It really is the super-coron, super-yamu-yamu. Yamu-yamu is like the queen of one of the greatest
inspirations to everywhere.
That's it, as a super-coron, super-yamu-yamu is also. And then she wanted all that.
That's it.
Okay, thank you everyone. Thank you, thank you.
Now please continue, for all the differences.